Welcome, welcome, welcome to the most amazing JavaScript course on the planet.
I am super thrilled to see all of you here and can't wait to start this awesome journey with each and
every one of you.
This course offers a fresh perspective on one of the most popular programming languages of all time,
JavaScript.
I will teach you everything you will ever need to know to master JavaScript.
We will start from the absolute beginning and code our way through tens of projects.
This course also covers the theoretical parts of how JavaScript works.
I have extensively covered object oriented programming and asynchronous programming in JavaScript.
We will have so much fun coding all the projects.
I'm also going to teach you game development with vanilla javascript without the use of any libraries.
I mean, that's cool right now.
Who is this course for?
It doesn't matter what your skill level or experience or like previous interaction with JavaScript is,
you can take this course and become an expert in JavaScript and take your skills to the absolute monster
level.
There is one prerequisite, however, and that is beginner to intermediate knowledge of each HTML five
and six is three.
So let's get you mastered in the art of JavaScript.
See you inside the course.